what is it?
--------------------
1. This is a Command Line Based Calculator 
2. Modules: 
		Addition:: Addition can be of Multiple Numbers. 
		Substraction:: Substraction can be of Multiple Numbers.
		Division:: Division can be of Multiple Numbers.
		Multiplication:: Multiplications can be of Multiple Numbers.
3. Libraries:  
		Maths Library + Customized Library.


Latest Version
-------------------
Latest version is 1.0.0.0


Documentation
-------------------
Documents related information can be seen in https://www.calculator.com/docs/trunk/ .


Installation
-------------------
please find the INSTALL file for installation related information.


Licensing
--------------------



Cryptographic Software Licensing
-------------------------------------------
This distribution may include software that has been designed for use
  with cryptographic software.  The country in which you currently reside
  may have restrictions on the import, possession, use, and/or re-export
  to another country, of encryption software.  BEFORE using any encryption
  software, please check your country's laws, regulations and policies
  concerning the import, possession, or use, and re-export of encryption
  software, to see if this is permitted.  See <http://www.wassenaar.org/>
  for more information.

  The U.S. Government Department of Commerce, Bureau of Industry and
  Security (BIS), has classified this software as Export Commodity 
  Control Number (ECCN) 5D002.C.1, which includes information security
  software using or performing cryptographic functions with asymmetric
  algorithms.  The form and manner of this Apache Software Foundation
  distribution makes it eligible for export under the License Exception
  ENC Technology Software Unrestricted (TSU) exception (see the BIS 
  Export Administration Regulations, Section 740.13) for both object 
  code and source code.

  The following provides more details on the included files that
  may be subject to export controls on cryptographic software:

    Apache httpd 2.0 and later versions include the mod_ssl module under
       modules/ssl/
    for configuring and listening to connections over SSL encrypted
    network sockets by performing calls to a general-purpose encryption
    library, such as OpenSSL or the operating system's platform-specific
    SSL facilities.

    In addition, some versions of apr-util provide an abstract interface
    for symmetrical cryptographic functions that make use of a
    general-purpose encryption library, such as OpenSSL, NSS, or the
    operating system's platform-specific facilities. This interface is
    known as the apr_crypto interface, with implementation beneath the
    /crypto directory. The apr_crypto interface is used by the
    mod_session_crypto module available under
      modules/session
    for optional encryption of session information.

    Some object code distributions of Apache httpd, indicated with the
    word "crypto" in the package name, may include object code for the
    OpenSSL encryption library as distributed in open source form from
    <http://www.openssl.org/source/>.

  The above files are optional and may be removed if the cryptographic
  functionality is not desired or needs to be excluded from redistribution.
  Distribution packages of Apache httpd that include the word "nossl"
  in the package name have been created without the above files and are
  therefore not subject to this notice.




Contacts
-------------
1. Divya Jyoti Das
   Mob:: 8793961751
   mail: divya.das@cumulus-systems.com
   mail: divyajyotidas15@gmail.com
